/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/appsettings.Development.json
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/appsettings.json
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.deps.json
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.runtimeconfig.json
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Dapper.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Data.SqlClient.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/sni.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/sni.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/sni.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/unix/lib/netcoreapp2.1/System.Data.SqlClient.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/netcoreapp2.1/System.Data.SqlClient.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.BusinessLogic.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.DataAccess.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Repositories.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.BusinessLogic.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.DataAccess.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Repositories.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.build.json
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.development.json
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.MoneyControlAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.build.MoneyControlAPI.props
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.MoneyControlAPI.props
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildTransitive.MoneyControlAPI.props
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.pack.json
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/scopedcss/bundle/MoneyControlAPI.styles.css
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyCon.8B1E7041.Up2Date
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/MoneyControlAPI.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/MoneyControlAPI.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/appsettings.Development.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/appsettings.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.exe
E:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.deps.json
E:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.runtimeconfig.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.pdb
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Dapper.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Bcl.TimeProvider.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/sni.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/sni.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/sni.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/unix/lib/netcoreapp2.1/System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/netcoreapp2.1/System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.BusinessLogic.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.DataAccess.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Repositories.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.BusinessLogic.pdb
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.DataAccess.pdb
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.pdb
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.pdb
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Repositories.pdb
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.sourcelink.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.build.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.development.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.MoneyControlAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.build.MoneyControlAPI.props
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.MoneyControlAPI.props
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildTransitive.MoneyControlAPI.props
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.pack.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/scopedcss/bundle/MoneyControlAPI.styles.css
E:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyCon.8B1E7041.Up2Date
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/MoneyControlAPI.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.pdb
E:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
E:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/MoneyControlAPI.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Bcl.TimeProvider.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/MoneyControlAPI/obj/Debug/net8.0/MoneyControlAPI.sourcelink.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.exe
E:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.deps.json
E:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.runtimeconfig.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Dapper.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.Bcl.TimeProvider.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.BusinessLogic.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.DataAccess.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Repositories.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.BusinessLogic.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.DataAccess.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Repositories.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.sourcelink.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.MoneyControlAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.MoneyControlAPI.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.MoneyControlAPI.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.MoneyControlAPI.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\MoneyControlAPI.styles.css
E:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyCon.8B1E7041.Up2Date
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\MoneyControlAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.pdb
E:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyControlAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
E:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\MoneyControlAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\MoneyControlAPI.dll
