/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.deps.json
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
E:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.deps.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.pdb
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.sourcelink.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.pdb
E:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Models/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Models.sourcelink.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.deps.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.sourcelink.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Models.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Models\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\CR.MoneyControl.Models.dll
