/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.deps.json
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.pdb
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
E:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.deps.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/bin/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.pdb
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.sourcelink.json
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
e:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.pdb
E:/OneDrive/cgrojasr/OneDrive/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
/Users/genaro/Library/CloudStorage/OneDrive-Personal/Documents/Laboral/UPC/Desarrollo Web/NET Core/MoneyControlAPI/CR.MoneyControl.Entities/obj/Debug/net8.0/CR.MoneyControl.Entities.sourcelink.json
E:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.deps.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\bin\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.sourcelink.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\obj\Debug\net8.0\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.pdb
E:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyControlAPI\CR.MoneyControl.Entities\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\CR.MoneyControl.Entities.dll
